If you're talking about Katsuki Bakugo,
I took him with my magic.
Damn it, that mask guy's fast!
We can't... give up...
We have to catch up...
and get them back!
Make sure you save those two.
Ribbit!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
I know these kids!
Who are they?!
The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
Going back in time to right after everyone
first heard that Kacchan was being targeted
"What a Twist!"
through Mandalay's Telepath...
Sir, you heard Mandalay's Telepath, right?
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
My friend's being targeted.
Please, let me go to him!
No.
Why not?
Stop it, Kirishima.
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
Sir, if we do not know
how many villains there are,
then wouldn't it be better to have
as many people fighting as we can?
Hey, are you planning on fighting the villains?
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
Yeah, that's right.
Even Mr. Aizawa said to fight, didn't he?
"Pro Hero - Vlad King - Quirk: Blood Control"
That is for self-defense.
It was so everyone could get back here.
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
"Neito Monoma - Quirk: Copy"
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
Did someone come in?
Do you think Mr. Aizawa came back...?
Perfect timing. I'll go ask him directly.
No, wait.
It's not him!
Everyone, get back!
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
That guy... Is he the villain
that was defeated earlier?
"Villain - Dabi"
You're too slow!
Blood Control... It's so strong!
As expected of our Mr. Vlad!
You're pushing hard into
a place like this without thinking?
You're really underestimating us!
And why wouldn't we?
You're acting exactly like I thought you would.
You all lost the minute you lost the initiative.
The pinnacle of hero education, U.A.,
and the Symbol of Peace, All Might.
The two most trusted figures
of hero society, gathered together.
If multiple incidents keep
putting that trust into question,
then don't you think that
will shake society as a whole?
Sloppy management that keeps
allowing attacks to get through,
and in the end, being so weak as to allow a
student to be stolen away by a criminal group.
Bastard, are you saying Bakugo's...
...going to be kidnapped by you?
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
Stop messing around!
Look, there are so few of us,
and we're driving you into a corner.
You bastard...!
It's no use, Vlad!
Mr. Aizawa!
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
This guy's just trying to stir things up.
He won't tell us anything.
Erasure Hero: Mr. Aizawa!
Besides, look--he's a fake.
One came earlier, too.
A fake...
Is that one of the villains' Quirks?
Eraser, what were you doing?
Sorry. I was planning to give
orders allowing the students to fight,
but I ended up taking care of Kota.
"Kota Izumi"
Take him for me.
I'm going out to the front lines.
Vlad, I'm counting on you
to keep defending this place.
Wait, Eraser!
We still don't know
how much they'll come at us.
You'll be fine by yourself.
Look at this fake.
Both times, it was just one like this.
I think they're coming strong at us
because they want to keep
our attention here since we're pros.
It's their strategy to make up for
the small number of people they sent.
If there are only a few,
then there's even more reason for me--
Yes! Nothing can beat strength in numbers!
No!
If they're trying to keep the pros back,
that means they're after the students.
Bakugo's just one of them,
but they might be after others, as well.
We're still losing by
a lot in terms of information.
For the time being, we'll win by
having everyone stay safe and sound.
And now back to the present...
Give Kacchan and Tokoyami back!
"Villain - Himiko Toga"
"Villain - Twice"
I know these kids!
Who are they?!
Mister, get out of the way.
Roger!
Idiot! That's cold!
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
Midoriya! Shoji!
Faces from Shigaraki's kill list!
That little beat-up boy and you!
They weren't, though!
That's hot!
I'm Toga, Izuku!
I thought so earlier, too,
but you'd be cooler if you bled more, Izuku!
Midoriya!
Is that how it is?
Are you going to get in the way?
You're not my type at all,
but I'll cut you anyway.
She's crazy...
Good job!
This is easy!
Give me all you've got!
Stop messing around!
What's with this guy?
Ow...
"Villain - Mr. Compress"
I can't believe you flew
so far to chase after me.
Your ideas are far out!
Where's Bakugo?
Of course...
Hm?
Midoriya, Todoroki, we're running away!
I'm sure now based on what he just did--
I don't know what your Quirk is,
but inside
that right pocket of yours that you kept flaunting
were these--Tokoyami
and Bakugo, right, entertainer?
Shoji!
Oh, that didn't take you very long!
As expected of someone with six arms!
You're good at feeling around!
All right! Good job, Shoji!
--Moron--
--No, wait.
A Nomu!
Over here!
Th-This guy...
...was at USJ...
The warp...
It has been five minutes since the signal.
Let us go, Dabi.
Sorry, Izuku, I'll see you later.
Wait. Our goal is not yet--
Oh, that? They seemed so happy
that they rushed out here,
so I thought I'd give them a present.
It's a habit, one of the basics of magic.
When I flaunt something,
it's because there's something
I don't want you to see.
N-No way...!
My ice?!
That's right.
During the freezing attack, I prepared
dummies and put them in my right pocket.
Damn it!
His Quirk lets him compress and confine things?
If you discover that what was in
my right hand was in my right pocket,
then of course you'd rush happily over.
Wait...!
And now, that's all from me--
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
Aoyama!
That's sad...
Shoto... Todoroki...
Confirm it now. Release this.
My show's been ruined!
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
No problem.
Kacchan!
Don't come, Deku!
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
"Yosetsu Awase - Quirk: Weld"
"Itsuka Kendo - Quirk: Big Fist"
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
"Sen Kaibara"      "Kojiro Bondo"
"Pro Hero - Tiger - Quirk: Pliabody"
"Pro Hero - Mandalay - Quirk: Telepath"
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
On that day...
...we who were aiming to be heroes
completely lost to the villains.
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 7/15"
"Height: 166 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Pork Cutlet Bowl"
"Izuku Midoriya"
"Quirk: One For All"
"Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 4/20"
"Height: 172 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Spicy Food"
"Katsuki Bakugo"
"Quirk: Explosion"
"He uses a nitroglycerin-like substance secreted on the palms of his hands to create explosions."
Apparently, Mr. Vlad King
called emergency services,
and fifteen minutes after the villains left,
ambulances and fire trucks arrived.
Of the forty students,
fifteen were unconscious and in
serious condition from the villains' gas,
and eleven others had major or minor injuries.
Thirteen were uninjured.
And...
...one was missing.
"Pro Hero - Pixie-Bob - Quirk: Earthflow"
Of the six pro heroes,
one was in serious condition after
receiving a hard blow to the head,
"Pro Hero - Ragdoll - Quirk: Search"
and one lost a lot of blood and went missing.
"Villain - Muscular -
Quirk: Muscle Augmentation"
Meanwhile, on the villain side,
three were caught red-handed and arrested...
"Villain - Mustard"
Leaving those three behind,
the other villains disappeared without a trace.
"Villain - Moonfish - Quirk: Blade-Tooth"
As I felt my consciousness fading,
I remembered the words
of that man, Tomura Shigaraki.
More importantly, you should be careful.
The next time we meet will likely be
when I have decided to kill you.
The summer training camp that
we had all been looking forward to
ended in the worst way.
"The Next Day (Still Summer Vacation)"
Will you open your gates?
I'm from Yomiuri TV.
Is there an official statement from U.A. High?
How do you plan on dealing
with the families of the victims?
To be attacked during a training camp meant
to prepare students to fight villains...
"Meeting Room"
We should be embarrassed by the irony.
We feared the revitalization of villains,
but our understanding of it was naïve.
They had already started their war--
Their war to destroy hero society.
"Pro Hero - Nezu - Quirk: High Specs"
"Pro Hero - Midnight - Quirk: Somnambulist"
Even if we had understood it,
would we have been able to defend against it?
With all these persistent developments
unfolding one after another...
Ever since All Might, most
organized crime had been weeded out.
"Pro Hero - Present Mic - Quirk: Voice"
"Pro Hero - Snipe - Quirk: Homing"
So we all got too complacent during
peaceful times without realizing it,
thinking we had time to prepare.
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
I am angry from the bottom of
my heart at my own cowardice.
While they were fighting desperately, I...
...was relaxing in the tub.
Having the sports festival
right after the attack...
We can't keep taking unyielding positions
like that, like we have up until now.
To have a student kidnapped
is U.A.'s greatest failure.
They have stolen the trust people
had in us heroes, along with Bakugo.
All the news outlets are filled
with criticism of U.A. right now.
If they were trying to get Bakugo,
then it was probably because
"U.A.'s Great Failure"
his violent side was made common
knowledge at the sports festival.
"No contact since the incident"
"Katsuki Bakugo"
If he is won over by the villains,
"The Most Prominent Hero Educational
Institution's Many Scandals"
"Shaking the Trust in Hero Society"
"Bringing Careless Management to the Forefront"
then it's over for U.A.
as an educational institution.
Since we're on the topic of trust,
there's something I'd like to say.
We can say conclusively now--
There's a traitor among us, isn't there?
Only the teachers and the Pussycats
knew where the training camp would be held!
That's not all that's suspicious!
Using their cellphone location
information, even the students--
Mic, stop it.
How can I?
Let's clean this place up thoroughly!
What about you?
Can you prove that you're 100% innocent?
Can you assert that everyone here is innocent?
If we suspect each other, then we'll
destroy ourselves from the inside.
Looking for a traitor isn't
something we should do in a hurry.
At the very least, I trust you all.
I can't prove definitively that
I'm completely innocent either, though.
For now, what we must do as a school
is guarantee the safety of the students.
With the suspected leak,
there's something I've been thinking about doing for a while now.
That's--
A phone call is here! A phone call--
Excuse me, I have to take this.
We're in a meeting. Turn off your phone!
His ringtone's so lame...
What Symbol of Peace can't
even save his own students...?
What hero...?
Sorry, what is it, Tsukauchi?
We just got the statements
from Aizawa and Vlad King,
"Police Officer - Naomasa Tsukauchi"
but there's been an unexpected development!
We may be able to determine the
whereabouts of the League of Villains.
Really, Tsukauchi?
Yeah.
About two weeks ago, one of
my subordinates was gathering information
and found out that a man
with a patchwork face was seen
going into a building that
was supposed to be vacant.
The man was said to be in his twenties,
so he checked the records for past criminals
but didn't see anything notable.
After checking with the owner of the building,
he found out that there
was a sort of hidden bar there,
so he thought it was unrelated
to our investigation and ignored it.
But one of the villains who kidnapped
the student this time had the same markings!
With the situation as it is,
once we find evidence,
we'll be on them at once!
This is top secret.
I'm only telling you because it's you.
We're planning on asking for
cooperation from a lot of pro heroes
for this rescue and cleanup mission.
All Might, please lend us your power, too!
All Might?
I... had a wonderful friend.
This is what I'll say when I meet those guys:
"I am here... to counterattack."
"The Most Prominent Hero Educational
Institution's Many Scandals"
"Shaking the Trust in Hero Society"
It appears the principal offenders
of the U.A. High training camp attack
"Is the League of Villains involved?"
called themselves the League
of Villains Vanguard Action Squad.
For U.A. High, in both the
USJ incident and the Hosu incident,
the name "League of Villains"--
Among the victims of the training camp attack
was the child of the pro heroes,
Water Hose, who were killed by Muscular--
We must conclude that there is some sort
of problem with the management of U.A. High.
Even if my child wanted to become
a hero, I could not possibly enroll--
"Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay"
I'm really grateful for all
the publicity we've been getting.
Hey, don't you agree...?
Katsuki Bakugo...
The day after that...
As for me,
I had been brought to a hospital near the
training camp immediately after the incident,
and for two days,
I was in and out of consciousness
with convulsions, delirious with fever.
During that time, apparently
Recovery Girl came and healed me,
and the police came to visit,
but I don't remember a thing.
"When you wake up,
please eat this and call me"
Mom's writing...
Izuku, I can't take this anymore.
My heart can't take it...
Kota... I wonder if he's okay...
Oh, Midoriya, you're awake!
Did you see the news?
The media's swarming the school right now.
It's way worse than in the spring.
We've got a melon!
We bought it together! A big melon!
I caused you trouble, Midoriya...
No, I did, too...
Did everyone from Class A come?
No, Jiro and Hagakure are still
unconscious from the villains' gas.
And Yaoyorozu also got hit hard
on the head and is hospitalized here.
Apparently she regained consciousness yesterday.
So everyone but those three came...
Fifteen of us...
Because Bakugo's not here.
Hey, Todoroki!
Kacchan!
Don't come, Deku!
All Might said,
"I can't save the people I can't reach."
That's why he will always
save those he can reach.
I... was in a place where I could reach...
I had to save him...
That's what my Quirk is for...
It's exactly like what Mr. Aizawa said to me.
You'll just be decked and turn into
a useless doll after saving one person.
My body... wouldn't move...
It was all I could do to save Kota...
I couldn't save someone right in front of me...
Then, let's save him this time.
Actually, Todoroki and I
were here yesterday, too.
Todoroki, why are you here?
What about you?
I... well... I couldn't just
sit still at home... and...
I see.
Me neither.
On our way to your room,
we saw All Might and a
police officer talking to Yaoyorozu.
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
With the help of Awase from Class B,
I attached a tracking device
to one of the villains.
This device will receive that signal.
Please use it for your investigation.
Before, Aizawa said you lacked
the judgment to make quick decisions.
You have grown so much!
Thank you, Young Yaoyorozu!
With a classmate in danger...
it is frustrating to only
be able to help in this way...
That feeling is proof that
you are worthy of being a hero.
Please leave the rest to us!
Does this mean you're going to have
Yaoyorozu make another receiver?
What if it does?
Either way, we will need to take responsibility for
being negligent in our supervisory duties.
I am truly sorry.
All right. You'll cause trouble for others!
If you understand, then don't do it again!
It is as All Might said!
This is something we should leave to the pros!
This isn't the place for us to act, you idiots!
We know that!
But, I couldn't do anything!
After I heard that my friend was being targeted!
I couldn't do anything!
I didn't do anything!
If I don't do anything now,
I won't be a hero or a man anymore!
Kirishima, we're in a hospital. Calm down.
It's fine to feel strongly
about things, but this time--
Iida is correct.
Iida, all of you, you're all correct.
I know that.
But!
Hey, Midoriya, your hand can still reach!
We can go save him!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
There's still a way to save Kacchan,
who was kidnapped by the League of Villains!
My outstretched hand can still reach.
I can go save Kacchan.
Next time, "From Iida to Midoriya"!
"Next time: From Iida to Midoriya"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!